I found a squat rack on Amazon let's
talk about it this one's not the
cheapest one but the freestanding ones
seem a little bit more unsafe but
well you know I think as far as really
cheap squat racks go this one is
probably a little bit more on the safer
side of things but I'm definitely
worried about it tipping over when I'm
re-racking the weight
we do a full range of motion here let's
see
oh success I don't know if you saw but I
kind of had to feel for the squat rack
to put it in since it only has like a
little lip on the front and then a
bigger lip you can't just kind of slam
it in place and let it go down and even
if you did the whole thing would
probably tip over I don't think this is
something that I'll be testing my one
rep max on which I'm less interested in
anyway squatting feels really good
oh
that is hilarious this works exactly at
the right height for flat benching
stay flexy